
Release Notes for Equalizer 0.2

   Welcome to Equalizer 0.2, a framework for the development and deployment
   of scalable multipipe applications, based on C++ and OpenGL. The major new
   feature in Equalizer 0.2 is support for scalable rendering.

   Equalizer 0.2 is a beta release, and therefore intended as preview and
   evaluation snapshot for application developers and early adopters.

  Features

   Equalizer provides the following major features to facilitate the
   development and deployment of multipipe applications:

     * Runtime Configurability: An Equalizer application can run on any
       configuration, from laptops to large scale visualization clusters,
       without recompilation. The runtime configuration is externalized from
       the application to a systemwide resource server.
     * Runtime Scalability: An Equalizer application can use multiple CPU's,
       GPU's and computers to scale the rendering performance of a single
       view.
     * Distributed Execution: Equalizer applications can be written to
       support cluster-based execution. The task of distributing the
       application data is facilitated by support for versioned, distributed
       objects.
     * Support for Stereo and Immersive Environments: Equalizer supports both
       active and passive stereo rendering, as well as the head tracking
       needed for immersive installations.

  New in this release

   The following features, bug fixes and documentation changes where
   introduced in this release:

    New Features

     * Sort-first (2D), sort-last (DB) and eye task decomposition.
     * Tile-based reassembly for sort-first and eye recomposition.
     * Flexible recomposition engine for parallel compositing, including, but
       not limited to, direct send and binary swap sort-last compositing.
     * Fast image compression for network transfers based on a modified RLE
       algorithm.
     * Z-based sort-last compositing of polygonal data.
     * Support for ordered alpha-based compositing of volumetric data.
     * Support for dynamic near and far planes.
     * Initial implementation of a statistics API.

    Bug Fixes

   Equalizer 0.2 includes various minor bugfixes over the previous release.

    New Documentation

     * Statistics specification

  Supported Platforms

   The platforms supported below are the primary development platforms.
   Equalizer is designed to run on a variety of platforms, including all Unix
   variants and the Windows operating system. Equalizer 0.2 supports:

    Operating System Support

     * Linux: SuSE Linux 10 (x86_64, i386), SLES 9.0 (ia64), Ubuntu 6.06
       (i386)
     * Mac OS X: 10.4 (PowerPC, i386)

    Window System Support

     * X11: Full support for all implemented features.
     * CGL: Preliminary fullscreen support, no event handling support

  Documentation

   Equalizer does not yet have a formal Users or Programmers Guide. The
   shipped eqPly example provides a reference for developing or porting
   applications. The Developer Documentation on the website provides further
   design documents for specific features. The source code is a last resort
   for information.

  Support

   Technical questions can be posted to the Developer Mailing List, or
   directly to info@equalizergraphics.com.

   Commercial support, feature requests, as well as software development and
   porting services are available. Please contact info@equalizergraphics.com
   for further information.
